Update Admission Control docs for RACv2 (#19368)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/v25.1/ui-overload-dashboard.md

## Admission Queueing Delay p99 – Replication Admission Control

This graph shows the 99th percentile latency of requests waiting in the replication [admission control]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/admission-control.md %}) queue, as tracked by the following metrics:

- `kvflowcontrol.eval_wait.regular.duration-p99`
- `kvflowcontrol.eval_wait.elastic.duration-p99`

There are separate lines for regular flow token wait time and elastic (background) flow token wait time. These metrics are indicative of store overload on replicas.

- In the node view, the graph shows the wait duration of regular flow token wait time and elastic flow token wait time on the selected node.
- In the cluster view, the graph shows the wait duration of regular flow token wait time and elastic flow token wait time across all nodes in the cluster.

> For more information about how replication admission control works, see [Replication admission control]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/admission-control.md %}#replication-admission-control).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about how replication admission control works, refer to [Replication admission control]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/admission-control.md %}#replication-admission-control).
```

Author: ✅
